Write a docs and cover additional case about configurable input size (#2433)
open-edge-platform/training_extensions: docs/source/guide/explanation/additional_features/config_input_size.rst

> Configurable Input size

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configurable Input Size
```

=======================

> You have the option to work with smaller input resolutions to expedite training and inference times,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This feature make OTX use smaller input resolutions to expedite training and inference times,
```

I personally prefer to avoid using the first word as `You` at the document. I'm not sure what is the right way. So, please feel free to ignore this comment. Same as below contents for me.

Author: I updated it

or opt for larger input size to enhance overall model capabilities.

Rather than manually modifying values within the data pipeline, a streamlined approach is provided.
You can change the model's input size by simply adding an argument during `train`, `eval`, or `export`.
Furthermore, when using a model weight trained on an input size other than the default,
OTX automatically aligns data pipelines to input size during `eval`` and `export` processes.

You can use this feature using the following command:

.. code-block::

    $ otx train \
          ... \
          params --learning_parameters.input_size input_size

The available input sizes are currently as follows:

> - 64x64 (exclusively for classification)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- 64x64 (only available for classification)
```

Author: I changed it to `only for classification`. How about this?

Reviewer 2: Nice :)

> - 128x128 (exclusively for classificatio)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 128x128 (exclusively for classification)
```
